dad is. he helped fred and george transform the ghoul. mum well, youve seen what shes like. she wont accept were going till were gone. there was silence in the room, broken only by gentle thuds as hermione continued to throw books on to one pile or the other. ron sat watching her, and harry looked from one to the other, unable to say anything. the measure they had taken to protect their families made him realize, more than anything else could have done, that they really were going to come with him and that they knew exactly how dangerous that would be. he wanted to tell them what that meant to him, but he simply could not find words important enough. through the silence came the muffled sounds of mrs.weasley shouting from four floors below. ginnys probably left a speck of dust on a poxy napkin ring, said ron. i dunno why the dela cours have got to come two days before the wedding. fleurs sisters a brides maid, she needs to be here for the rehearsal, and shes too young to come on her own, said hermione, as she pored in decisively over break with a banshee. well, guests arent going to help mums stress levels, said ron. what were all need to decide, said hermione, tossing defensive magical theory into the bin without a second glance and picking up an appraisal of magical education in europe, is where were going after we leave here. i know you said you wanted to go to godrics hollow first, harry, and i understand why, but well shouldnt we make the horcruxes our priority if we knew where any of the horcruxes were, id agree with you, said harry, who did not believe that hermione really understood his desire to return to godrics hollow. his parents graves were only part of the attraction he had as trong, though inexplicable, feeling that the place held answers for him. perhaps it was simply because it was there that he had survived voldemort skilling curse now that he was facing the challenge of repeating the feat, harry was drawn to the place where it had happened, wanting to understand. dont you think theres a possibility that voldemorts keeping a watch on godrics hollow hermione asked. he might expect you to go back and visit your parents graves once youre free to go wherever you like this had not occurred to harry. while he struggled to find a counter argument, ron spoke up, evidently following his own train of thought. this r.a.b. person, he said. you know, the one who stole the real locket hermione nodded. he said in his note he was going to destroy it, didnt he harry dragged his rucksack toward him and pulled out the fake horcruxin which r.a.b.s note was still folded. i have stolen the real horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as i can. harry read out. well, what if he did finish it off said ron. or she, interposed hermione. whichever, said ron. itd be one less for us to do yes, but were still going to have to try and trace the real locket, arent we said hermione, to find out whether or not its destroyed
